- ♪ TIMMY IS AN AVERAGE KID ♪
♪ THAT NO ONE UNDERSTANDS ♪
♪ MOM AND DAD AND VICKY
ALWAYS GIVING HIM COMMANDS ♪
- BED, TWERP!
- ♪ THE DOOM AND GLOOM
UP IN HIS ROOM ♪
♪ IS BROKEN INSTANTLY ♪
♪ BY HIS MAGIC LITTLE FISH
WHO GRANT HIS EVERY WISH ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IN REALITY ♪
♪ THEY ARE HIS ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
- WANDS AND WINGS.
- FLOAT-Y CROWN-Y THINGS.
- ♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ REALLY MOD, PEA POD,
BUFF BOD, HOT ROD ♪
- OBTUSE, RUBBER GOOSE,
GREEN MOOSE, GUAVA JUICE,
GIANT SNAKE, BIRTHDAY CAKE,
LARGE FRIES, CHOCOLATE SHAKE!
- ♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ IT FLIPS YOUR LID
WHEN YOU ARE THE KID ♪
♪ WITH FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
- YEAH, RIGHT.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- [snoring]
- TIMMY!
- [screams]
- THERE'S A BUNCH OF WEIRDOS
SHUFFLING AROUND OUR LAWN
IN THE DARK.
IT'S THE ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE.
HOPEFULLY, THEY'LL FEAST
ON DINKELBERG'S BRAIN
WHILE WE BARRICADE OURSELVES
IN THE ZOMBIE SHELTER.
WHICH IS NOW YOUR BATHROOM!
THERE'S NO TOILET PAPER
IN THE ZOMBIE SHELTER!
- DAD, THOSE AREN'T ZOMBIES.
THEY'RE PEOPLE HERE
FOR MOM'S GARAGE SALE.
- THAT'S EVEN WORSE.
YOUR MOTHER'S GONNA
SELL ALL MY STUFF.
HEY, WEIRDO!
THAT PORCELAIN UNICORN
IS NOT FOR SALE!
- I'M GOING BACK TO SLEEP.
- SHE'S SELLING YOUR FISH.
- AHH!
- THANKS FOR THE FIRST,
MRS. TURNER.
LOOKS LIKE IT'S SUSHI NIGHT
AT THE CROCKER HOUSE.
MOTHER'S ALLERGIC TO RAW FISH,
SO IT'S A WIN-WIN.
- DID YOU HEAR THAT, WANDA?
WE'RE HAVING SUSHI TONIGHT.
TIMMY NEVER GAVE US SUSHI.
- SORRY, MR. CROCKER.
THOSE FISH ARE NOT FOR SALE.
- IN THAT CASE, I'M TAKING
THIS PORCELAIN UNICORN.
- GIVE ME BACK LADY CORNINGTON,
YOU HUMPBACKED THIEF!
TACKLE!
- [groaning]
AHH, I HATE THIS FAMILY!
- THANKS FOR SAVING US, SPORT.
- GOOD THING
I GOT HERE IN TIME.
I DON'T WANT MY MOM SELLING
ANYTHING ELSE
THAT BELONGS TO ME.
- OH, NO,
YOUR MOM'S TRYING TO SELL
THE MAGICAL BOARD GAME
I INVENTED.
- YOU CREATED A GAME?
- YEAH, COSMONOPOLY.
A WHIMSICAL
YET HORRIFYING JOURNEY
THROUGH THE TWISTED MIND
THAT IS ME.
- WHY WOULD YOU MAKE
A BOARD GAME?
- DUH, DUH!
I WAS BORED!
OOH, THE GAME IS TURNING ON.
- I'LL NEVER LET YOU GO,
LADY CORNINGTON.
I'M GONNA WASH
THE DIRTY CROCKER OFF YOU.
WHOA!
- COSMO, MY DAD JUST
DISAPPEARED INTO YOUR GAME.
POOF HIM BACK!
- TIMMY, TIMMY, TIMMY.
SOMEONE HASN'T READ
THE RULES OF COSMONOPOLY.
ALSO, SOMEONE HASN'T WRITTEN
- COSMO, HOW DO WE GET
TIMMY'S DAD BACK?
- WE CAN'T.
TO GET OUT, YOUR DAD'S GONNA
HAVE TO PLAY THE GAME
ALL THE WAY TO THE END.
- ARE YOU KIDDING?
MY DAD CAN'T FIND HIS WAY
OUT OF YOUR GAME.
HE CAN'T EVEN FIND HIS WAY
OUT OF HIS CAR.
- HELP!
I CAN'T FIND MY WAY OUT!
OH, NO!
THE CAR IS EATING ME!
- GUYS, WE GOTTA GET MY DAD
OUT OF THAT GAME.
- RELAX, TIMMY.
IT'S NOT LIKE IF WE DON'T
SOMEONE'S GONNA THROW THE GAME
IN A WOOD CHIPPER.
[wood chipper rumbles]
- LISTEN UP!
I CAN'T SPEND MY WHOLE DAY
WITH YOU WEIRDOS.
SO WHATEVER I DON'T SELL
IN THE NEXT HOUR
IS GOING INTO
THE WOOD CHIPPER,
WHICH IS ALSO FOR SALE.
- OH, NO, MY DAD'S
GONNA GET WOOD CHIPPED.
WE NEED SPARKY'S HELP.
- NEAT WALLET.
IT LOOKS JUST LIKE THE ONE
I LOST TEN MINUTES AGO.
HOW MUCH DO YOU WANT FOR IT?
- $20...$40...
$65...
$67.
- DEAL!
IT'S A DEAD RINGER
FOR MY OLD WALLET.
ONLY WITHOUT
THE CREDIT CARDS.
- SPARKY, I NEED YOUR HELP.
WHATEVER YOU DO,
DON'T LET MY MOM
THROW THAT BOARD GAME
INTO THE WOOD CHIPPER.
- SURE, TIMMY.
YOU SCRATCH MY BACK,
I'LL SCRATCH YOURS.
SERIOUSLY,
SCRATCH MY BACK.
- NO TIME, SPARKY!
[all screaming]
COSMO, WHERE ARE WE?
- IT'S THE GAME VERSION
OF MY OLD ROOM IN FAIRY WORLD.
COSMONOPOLY IS BASED
ON A TYPICAL BORING DAY
IN MY LIFE
BEFORE I MET WANDA,
WHICH EXPLAINS
THE FEELING OF EMPTINESS.
- AWW, THAT'S SWEET, COSMO.
- NO, I JUST MEANT
THE ROOM WAS EMPTY.
I DIDN'T HAVE
MUCH STUFF BACK THEN.
- COME ON, POOF US
TO WHERE MY DAD IS
SO WE CAN GET OUT OF HERE.
- IN ORDER TO MOVE FORWARD,
WE HAVE TO PICK A CARD
OR ROLL THE MICE.
- DON'T YOU MEAN
"ROLL THE DICE"?
- BOY, IT'S LIKE NO ONE READ
THE RULES I DIDN'T WRITE.
ANYONE CATCH
THE NUMBERS ON THEIR BACKS
BEFORE THEY SCURRIED OFF?
- JUST PICK A CARD!
- "YOU GOT HIT ON THE HEAD
WITH A CEILING TILE,
"AND YOU'RE
ESPECIALLY FORGETFUL.
LOSE YOUR WANDS."
- OH, NO!
COSMO, WHY WOULD YOU PUT
THAT IN THE GAME?
- 'CAUSE THE DAY I MADE IT UP
I GOT HIT IN THE HEAD
BY A CEILING TILE
AND FORGOT
WHERE I PUT MY WAND.
OW!
JUST LIKE THAT.
- I GUESS WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO PLAY THIS GAME WITHOUT MAGIC.
"ADVANCE TO THE LAUNDROMAT
AND WASH YOUR UNDERPANTS"?
- I FORGOT HOW MUCH FUN
THIS GAME IS.
AH, THE LAUNDROMAT.
DON'T WORRY, GUYS.
I KNOW EXACTLY HOW TO GET
THROUGH THIS PART OF THE GAME.
AGH! OW!
I TURNED MY UNDERWEAR PINK,
AND NOW IT'S TURNED ON US.
QUICK, TIMMY,
GET THE BLEACH.
GOOD JOB, TIMMY.
NOW GO PICK ANOTHER CARD.
- "YOUR SHORTS ARE CLEAN.
ADVANCE TO PLAYGROUND."
- I LOVE THE PLAYGROUND.
NOW SPIN THE SPINSTER.
- DON'T YOU MEAN "SPINNER"?
- NO, SPINSTER, THAT OLD
UNMARRIED WOMAN OVER THERE.
- I'M DIZZY.
WILL YOU MARRY ME?
[screams]
- DID ANYONE SEE
WHERE SHE LANDED?
- NO, I WON'T MARRY YOU,
BERNICE.
I ALREADY HAVE A WIFE.
- SHE LANDED ON MY DAD.
COME ON!
- YOU'RE A CUTIE.
[screams]
- HI, TIMMY.
OOH, I'M HAVING
A WEIRD DREAM.
I DREW A CARD THAT SAID MY
GREATEST WISH WOULD COME TRUE.
AND LOOK,
LADY CORNINGTON'S ALIVE.
[laughs]
TO THE SKY, LADY CORNINGTON!
- OH, NO.
WHAT DO I DO?
- IF YOU WANNA ADVANCE
TO THE NEXT PART OF THE GAME,
JUST PICK A CAR.
- YOU MEAN "CARD"?
- NO, CAR.
WHAT KIND OF WEIRD BOARD GAME
DO YOU THINK THIS IS?
I'D PICK
THE ONE WITH THE WINGS
SO WE CAN FLY
OVER THAT CLIFF.
- COME ON!
[engine revs]
LET'S CATCH MY DAD
AND GET OUT OF THIS GAME!
- NOT SO FAST.
FIRST, WE HAVE TO REGISTER
THIS CAR AT THE DMV,
THE DEPARTMENT
OF MAGICAL VEHICLES.
- OH, CAN'T WE DO THAT LATER?
- SORRY, WANDA,
THAT JUST DOESN'T FLY.
SADLY, NEITHER DOES THIS CAR
IF WE DON'T GO TO THE DMV!
[all screaming]
- WELCOME TO THE DMV.
TO REGISTER YOUR CAR,
YOU MUST FIRST PASS AN EYE TEST.
- THE TEST IS
A STARING CONTEST.
- SORRY,
YOU HAD AND EYELASH.
- YOU PASSED.
HERE'S YOUR REGISTRATION.
YOU CAR CAN NOW FLY.
AND YOU CAN ADVANCE TO
THE NEXT BLUE SQUARE, BABY.
[engine revs]
[rattling]
- OH, NO, THAT SOUNDS
LIKE THE WOOD CHIPPER.
WE'RE RUNNING OUT OF TIME!
- ♪ LA-LA LA LA-LA-LA-LA ♪
- ALL I HEAR
IS THE VOICE OF AN ANGEL.
NO, WAIT,
IT'S NOT AN ANGEL.
I REMEMBER NOW.
I DIDN'T MAKE THIS BOARD GAME
BECAUSE I WAS BORED.
I MADE IT 'CAUSE
I WANTED TO REMEMBER THE DAY
I MET THE LOVE OF MY LIFE.
- [singing]
OW!
- WANDA, WAS THAT YOU?
- YEAH, THAT'S HOW
COSMO AND I MET.
HE ACCIDENTALLY
RAN ME OVER.
- I SWEPT HER OFF HER FEET
AND UNDER MY BUMPER.
IT WAS THE BEST DAY
OF MY LIFE,
WHICH IS WHY
I MADE A GAME ABOUT IT.
- OH, COSMO,
THAT'S SO SWEET!
- BUT WAIT, WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR BEAUTIFUL SINGING VOICE?
- OH, THAT WENT SOUTH
THE MINUTE I BARRELED INTO HER.
SHE TOOK A HEADLIGHT
RIGHT TO THE WINDPIPE.
[crashing]
- OOH, WHAT'S GOING ON?
IS IT AN EARTHQUAKE?
- NO, IT'S MY MOM
PICKING UP THE GAME.
WE'RE HEADED
FOR THE WOOD CHIPPER.
- UH-OH, I GOTTA UNPLUG
THE WOOD CHIPPER.
[wood chipper stalls]
- OH, DARN.
THE WOOD CHIPPER'S
ON THE FRITZ.
NOW NO ONE'S GONNA BUY IT.
- TIMMY, I BOUGHT YOU
SOME TIME.
I ALSO CHASED
MR. CROCKER UP A TREE.
- UGH, I REALLY HATE
THIS FAMILY!
[rumbling]
- HEY, DREAM TIMMY.
I THINK YOUR MOTHER'S
TRYING TO SHAKE ME AWAKE.
LET ME SLEEP.
IT'S SATURDAY, YOU LUNATIC!
- DAD, GET IN THE CAR.
- I DON'T KNOW, TIMMY.
THE LAST TIME I GOT IN A CAR
IT TRIED TO EAT ME.
- COME ON, JUMP!
- TIMMY, I THINK YOUR WEIRD
GREEN-HAIRED FRIEND
IS DRIVING THE FLYING CAR
INTO A THUNDERSTORM.
- THAT'S NOT A THUNDERSTORM.
IT'S THE WOOD CHIPPER!
[all scream]
- BAD DOG.
GIVE ME THE GAME.
- [growls]
- [whimpers]
- AHH!
[all screaming]
- WE GOTTA FINISH THE GAME.
- WE'RE ALMOST THERE.
THE GAME ENDS WHERE WANDA
AND I HAD OUR FIRST DATE.
THE EMERGENCY ROOM.
I BROUGHT YOU HERE
BECAUSE I RAN YOU OVER.
ALSO BECAUSE
I LIKE HOSPITAL FOOD.
IT'S THE MAGICAL PLACE
WHERE I STOLE YOUR HEART.
- I DON'T REMEMBER
ANY OF THIS.
- THAT'S 'CAUSE
YOU WERE UNCONSCIOUS.
ALTHOUGH YOU WOKE UP ONCE
AND STRANGLED ME
WITH YOUR POWERFUL
LITTLE MAN HANDS.
BEFORE THAT, I HAD
A PRETTY GOOD SINGING VOICE TOO.
[rumbling]
- THE CHIPPER'S DEADLY
WHIRLING BLADES
ARE IN PERFECT
WORKING ORDER.
- QUICK, THIS WAY
TO THE OPERATING ROOM.
- OPERATING ROOM?
COSMO, YOU DIDN'T
OPERATE ON ME, DID YOU?
- OF COURSE I DID.
HOW ELSE WAS I GONNA
GET IN YOUR HEART?
- COSMO, YOU GOTTA HURRY!
- I GOT THIS, TIMMY.
IT TAKES A STEADY HAND.
[screams]
I'VE GOT IT!
- OH, COSMO, IT'S TRUE.
YOU DID STEAL MY HEART.
- YEAH, LOVE HURTS.
[rumbling, all screaming]
- WE'RE GOING INTO
THE WOOD CHIPPER!
[screams]
- IT'S OKAY.
WE'VE ALMOST FINISHED.
THE GAME ENDS
WITH OUR FIRST KISS.
ALL I GOTTA DO
IS DRAW A KISS CARD.
3 OF CLUBS?
NO.
BASEBALL CARD?
BIRTHDAY CARD?
YAY!
HEY, THERE'S NO MONEY IN HERE!
- COSMO, HURRY!
- OH, HERE IT IS!
"KISS WANDA."
- WELL, WHY NOT?
IT'S ONLY A DREAM.
MMM--
[triumphant music]
♪ ♪
- PHEW.
THAT WAS CLOSE.
- I MUST HAVE DOZED OFF
HERE ON THE LAWN AGAIN.
I HAD THE WEIRDEST DREAM.
TIMMY, YOU WERE IN IT,
AND SO WAS LADY CORNINGTON.
- OH, HONEY, I SOLD
YOUR GOLF CLUBS FOR $4.
HERE'S YOUR MONEY.
- I LOVE THOSE GOLF CLUBS!
WAIT, I STOLE THOSE
FROM DINKELBERG.
THIS IS $4 OF PURE PROFIT!
IN YOUR FACE, DINKELBERG!
- COSMO, THAT WAS
THE SWEETEST GAME.
I'M SORRY IT GOT DESTROYED.
- DON'T WORRY, WANDA.
I MADE ANOTHER ONE
OF OUR WEDDING DAY.
- A WEDDING GAME?
WELL, THAT'S THE CLOSEST I'LL
EVER COME TO GETTING MARRIED.
EXCEPT FOR MY ENGAGEMENT
TO THAT SPINSTER.
AHH!
I REALLY HATE THIS FAMILY!
- YO, THE GAME
IS OVER, BABY!
[triumphant music]
♪ ♪
- [panting]
HIDE ME, TIMMY.
THERE'S A MONSTER AFTER ME.
- AH, THERE'S NOTHING
TO BE AFRAID OF, SPARKY.
THAT'S JUST
A CUTE BABY BUNNY.
- ON THE OUTSIDE.
YOU CAN'T SEE INTO
ITS DARK, TWISTED, SOUL.
[whimpers]
- YOU NEED TO BE
A LITTLE BRAVER.
SPEAKING OF BRAVE DOGS,
HERO HOUNDS IS ON TV.
- THIS IS CHET UBETCHA
WELCOMING YOU TO  HERO HOUNDS,
A SHOW THAT CHRONICLES
THE TRUE LIFE STORIES
OF DIMMSDALE'S
MOST HEROIC DOGS.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- OOH, SPEAKING OF HEROES,
I'M GONNA GET A HERO SANDWICH,
WITH ITS HEROIC SIDEKICK,
THE DILL PICKLE.
- TONIGHT'S EPISODE FEATURES
A BRAVE LITTLE DOG NAMED REUBEN.
- OOH, NOW I WANT
A REUBEN SANDWICH!
- HELP!
MY BABY'S TRAPPED
INSIDE THAT BUILDING!
[sirens blare]
[triumphant music]
[baby chatters]
- HELP, MY BABY
CAN'T LAND THIS PLANE!
♪ ♪
[crowd cheers]
- WOW, REUBEN IS AMAZING.
- YEAH?
I'D LIKE TO SEE HIM
GO ONE-ON-ONE
WITH THAT MONSTER
IN THE GARDEN.
OH, NO!
HE'S TEAMED UP WITH SOME KIND
OF HIDEOUS BEAST!
- THAT'S A KITTEN.
- FACE IT, TIMMY,
I'M A BIG FAT CHICKEN.
- WHOA, NOW I WANT
A BIG FAT CHICKEN!
WHAT'S WRONG, SPARKY?
YOU LOOK DOWN.
HERO?
- NO, I'M NOT.
- BIG FAT CHICKEN?
- WELL, THANKS FOR
RUBBING IT IN.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
I CAN UNDERSTAND YOU.
I'M TALKING TO A DOG!
YAY!
I HAVE A USEFUL SKILL.
I CAN TALK TO ANIMALS.
I'M GONNA CALL MY BOSS,
MR. ED LEADLY, AND TELL HIM.
[dialing]
HELLO, MILLIE?
PUT THE BIG CHEESE
ON THE PHONE.
OOH, NOW I WANT
A BIG CHEESE.
MR. LEADLY, I QUIT.
OF COURSE
IT'S FOR A GOOD REASON.
I TALK TO ANIMALS NOW.
IF YOU CAN'T UNDERSTAND ME,
PUT YOUR POODLE ON THE PHONE.
- I'M WORRIED ABOUT SPARKY.
HE'S ALL DEPRESSED
'CAUSE HE THINKS
HE'S NEVER DONE
ANYTHING BRAVE.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
SPARKY DOES BRAVE STUFF
ALL THE TIME.
HE LANDED THAT PLANE
AND SAVED THE BABY.
- THAT WASN'T SPARKY.
THAT WAS REUBEN.
- THEN WHY
IS REUBEN DEPRESSED?
- REUBEN'S NOT DEPRESSED.
IT'S SPARKY!
- PROBLEM SOLVED.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
WHO WANTS A BIG CHEESE?
MY TREAT.
- GUYS, I BET WE COULD
CHEER SPARKY UP
IF WE MADE HIM FEEL BRAVE.
I WISH SPARKY HAD A CHANCE
TO BE A HERO.
[screams]
- GOOD THINKING, COSMO.
NOW SPARKY CAN RESCUE
TIMMY FROM THE WELL.
- AND WITH TIMMY GONE,
THERE'S MORE CHEESE FOR ME.
- HELP!
I AM STUCK IN A WELL!
- AHH!
THIS IS AWFUL!
NOW THAT WE HAVE A WELL,
OUR PROPERTY TAXES ARE GONNA
GO THROUGH THE ROOF!
- THIS IS CHET UBETCHA
WITH TRAGICALLY CLICHED NEWS.
A BOY NAMED TIMMY
HAS FALLEN DOWN A WELL.
IN RELATED NEWS,
THE TURNER'S PROPERTY TAXES
ARE GOING THROUGH THE ROOF.
QUICK, GET A SHOT
OF THE ROOF.
TIME IS RUNNING OUT.
IS THERE ANYONE
WHO CAN SAVE THIS BOY?
WE'LL FIND OUT AFTER
THIS SUPER WEIRD COMMERCIAL.
- DO YOU WISH
YOUR COCKER SPANIEL
WAS A TALKER SPANIEL?
OR YOUR SEEING-EYE DOG
WAS A SPEAKING-MOUTH DOG?
WELL, I CAN HELP.
I'M TIMMY'S DAD,
AND I CAN TALK TO ANIMALS.
WATCH ME HAVE A CONVERSATION
WITH THIS BLOOD-THIRSTY
AFRICAN LION.
HELLO.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
- [roars]
- USE YOUR WORDS.
[screams]
OH, NO!
[groaning]
[high-pitched wail]
- SPARKY, HELP ME!
- COME ON, SPARKY.
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE
TO BE A HERO.
TIMMY'S IN TROUBLE,
AND YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN RESCUE HIM.
- YOU'RE RIGHT, WANDA.
I'M GONNA SAVE TIMMY...
BY GOING TO CHINA,
DIGGING A HOLE,
AND TUNNELING MY WAY
UP INTO THE WELL.
- COULDN'T YOU JUST
THROW DOWN A LADDER?
- THERE'S NO TIME!
I HAVE TO GET
TO THE AIRPORT.
BUT FIRST I HAVE
TO GET TO THE BOOK STORE.
I NEED SOMETHING
TO READ ON THE PLANE.
CAN I BORROW $10?
NEVER MIND,
I'LL STOP AT THE BANK.
- THIS IS CHET UBETCHA
SAYING IT'S DAY FIVE
AND TIMMY TURNER
IS STILL STUCK IN THAT WELL.
BOY, IT'S BEEN
A SLOW NEWS WEEK.
- [shivering]
- HI, TIMMY!
I'M HERE TO RESCUE YOU.
SORRY IT TOOK SO LONG.
MY FLIGHT TO CHINA
WAS DELAYED.
OUR BABY PILOT GOT LOST.
- WHATEVER.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
NOW USE YOUR FAIRY DOG POWERS
AND FLOAT US OUTTA HERE.
- THERE'S NO TIME.
WE HAVE TO GET
BACK DOWN TO CHINA
TO CATCH OUR 18-HOUR FLIGHT
BACK TO DIMMSDALE.
AND THE AIRPORT SECURITY
STINKS.
THEY SEARCH EVERYWHERE.
I HOPE YOU DON'T MIND
FLYING COACH.
I COULD ONLY AFFORD
ONE FIRST CLASS TICKET.
[horn honks]
- HEY, EVERYONE.
MY DOG EVENTUALLY
SAVED ME FROM THE WELL.
HE'S A HERO.
[cheers and applause]
all: HIP-HIP HOORAY!
HIP-HIP HOORAY!
[loud thud]
WE HAVEN'T EATEN
IN TEN DAYS.
- WELL, YOU'RE NOT GETTING
MY BIG CHEESE.
- IT'S OKAY.
MY DOG BROUGHT TAKEOUT
FROM CHINA.
[all cheering]
- THIS IS CHET UBETCHA
SAYING THIS DOG IS A HERO
AND I GET DIBS
ON THE PORK LO MEIN.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- WELCOME BACK TO
THE ANIMAL TALKER,
STARRING ME,
TIMMY'S DAD
AND MY PYTHON CO-HOST,
ED MCMAN-EATER.
WHY YES, ED,
I HAVE PUT ON A FEW POUNDS.
I'VE BEEN EATING A LOT
OF BIG FAT CHICKEN.
ANYWAY, MY GUEST TODAY
IS SPARKY THE HERO DOG.
[cheering]
MAKE ROOM FOR SPARKY, ED.
THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT.
- IT'S TOO BAD YOUR DAD
GOT EATEN BY THE SNAKE.
- IT'S OKAY.
THE SNAKE SPIT HIM OUT.
- NO, IT WAS TOO BAD
'CAUSE I DIDN'T GET TO PROMOTE
MY NEW CEREAL,
HERE-I-OS.
IT'S SO NOT A PART
OF YOUR BALANCED BREAKFAST.
- IT'S NICE TO SEE YOU FEELING
GOOD ABOUT YOURSELF, SPARKY.
- THANKS, TIMMY.
I GOTTA GO GET FITTED
FOR A TUX.
I'M SCOOTING DOWN THE RED CARPET
AT THE PUPPY'S CHOICE AWARDS.
- MY PLAN WORKED PERFECTLY.
SPARKY FEELS HEROIC,
AND HE'S GOT NO CLUE
I TRICKED HIM.
- SHH, SPARKY MIGHT HEAR YOU.
- MIGHT HEAR WHAT?
- TIMMY'S PLAN
OF PRETENDING TO BE IN DANGER
SO YOU COULD SAVE HIM
AND YOU COULD FEEL BETTER.
BUT NOW SOMEBODY
RUINED IT COMPLETELY.
- COSMO, THAT WAS YOU!
- I'M SORRY, MY BRAIN
WAS CLOGGED WITH CHEESE.
- TIMMY, IS THIS TRUE?
- OH, IT'S TRUE.
I ATE A WHOLE LOT OF CHEESE.
- LOOK, SPARKY, I WAS ONLY
TRYING TO HELP.
I WANTED YOU TO FEEL GOOD
ABOUT YOURSELF.
- SO I WAS NEVER A HERO.
I'M JUST A BIG LOSER
WHO'S AFRAID OF BABY BUNNIES
AND THEIR FLUFFY,
SCARY FRIENDS.
[sobs]
- SPARKY, WAIT!
OH, MAN,
I FEEL TERRIBLE.
- THIS IS CHET UBETCHA
REPORTING THAT
A VICIOUS CHINESE PANDA
HAS CRAWLED UP THROUGH THE HOLE
DUG BY SPARKY THE HERO DOG.
[all screaming]
- [growling]
- [baby wails]
- [panda growls]
THIS JUST IN,
I'M RUNNING FOR MY LIFE!
- DON'T WORRY, CHET.
I'LL HANDLE THIS.
I CAN TALK TO ANIMALS.
- [growls]
- EEH, THAT'S NOT A PANDA!
PANDAS ARE CUTE.
THAT'S SOME KIND
OF CHINESE BEAR,
AND I DON'T SPEAK CHINESE.
- OH, NO, WE'VE GOT
TO SAVE MY DAD.
[all scream]
- [whimpers]
TIMMY, I NEED HELP.
BUT MOSTLY I NEED AN ENGLISH
TO CHINESE PANDA DICTIONARY.
- [growls]
- GUYS, I REALLY WISH THIS PANDA
WASN'T IN MY ROOM RIGHT NOW.
[triumphant music]
- [growls]
[growls]
[horn sounds]
- ANIMALS OF THE WILD,
SAVE ME!
NOT YOU, ED MCMAN-EATER.
GO EAT DINKELBERG.
- [growls]
- SPARKY, THANK GOODNESS
YOU'RE HERE.
SAVE US!
- OH, LET ME GUESS,
THIS IS ANOTHER TRICK
TO MAKE ME FEEL BETTER.
I'M NOT FALLING
FOR THAT AGAIN.
- [growls]
- [screams]
- IT'S NOT A TRICK, SPARKY.
PLEASE, SAVE MY DAD.
- [screaming]
- OH, NO,
HE KNOWS JUDO.
AND I THOUGHT PANDAS
ONLY KNEW KUNG FU.
DON'T WORRY, TIMMY.
I'M ON IT.
[dials]
HELLO, I'D LIKE FIVE ORDERS
OF CRISPY WONTONS TO GO.
- SPARKY,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- I'M SAVING YOU, TIMMY.
- [growls]
- HERE YOU GO, PANDA.
[chewing]
- YOU SEE, TIMMY,
WHEN I WAS IN CHINA
I LEARNED THAT PANDAS
LOVE CRISPY WONTONS.
I ALSO LEARNED FRIED FOOD
GIVES THEM INDIGESTION.
- [belches]
- YAY!
- ARE YOU CHEERING
'CAUSE WE WERE SAVED?
- NO, I FINALLY GOT TO SEE
WHAT THE INSIDE
OF A PANDA LOOKS LIKE.
IT WAS ON MY BUCKET LIST.
[triumphant music]
- SPARKY, YOU DID IT.
YOU REALLY ARE A HERO.
- WOW, I REALLY AM.
[gasps]
GLARE ALL YOU WANT,
YOU LITTLE MONSTER.
I'M NOT SCARED
OF YOU ANYMORE.
- [sneezes]
- AGHH!
[whimpers]
YEP, TOTALLY OVER IT.
- YAY!
NOW I FINALLY GET TO SEE
WHAT THE INSIDE
OF A PYTHON LOOKS LIKE.
AND THE INSIDE OF A GOAT,
WHICH THE PYTHON APPARENTLY
ATE BEFORE HE GOT HERE.
[goat bleats]
- THIS IS CHET UBETCHA
WITH ANOTHER EPISODE
OF  HERO HOUNDS.
TODAY WE FEATURE
SPARKY THE DOG,
WHO NOT ONLY RESCUED A BOY
FROM A WELL--EVENTUALLY--
BUT ALSO SAVED
HIM AND HIS DAD
FROM A VICIOUS PANDA.
- WOW, TIMMY, I'M THE BRAVEST
DOG IN THE WORLD.
I GUESS I TAKE THE CAKE.
- OOH, NOW I WANT CAKE.
BUT FIRST I NEED TO BEG
FOR MY JOB BACK.
HELLO, MILLIE, PUT THE TOP DOG
ON THE PHONE PLEASE.
NO, NOT MR. ED LEADLY.
HIS POODLE.
[poodle yaps]
THANKS, RAFFLES.
WELL, I TOOK A PAY CUT,
BUT AT LEAST I GOT
MY JOB BACK.
OH, LOOK,
A CUTE LITTLE KITTEN.
- [howls]
- [screaming]
- HE HAS A DARK SOUL!
OH, NOW I WANT SOUL FOOD.
BIG FAT CHICKEN!